Good brother Zhao Tie
You made your choice.
You wait for me.
The Chen family in the imperial capital will gather soon
I will definitely level your southern city
Let's go wait
What do you think this is?
Come on
Just go
Boy, I advise you to restrain yourself
Don't force our Chen family to do it
I, Ouyang Feilong Master, have been in the sea of blood for so many years
From the bottom to this position
Never know what convergence is
I don't know how to waste them
Sent to Yak Hospital
Let them meet Mrs. Chen
Who the hell dare you?
Liu Thief Lang
Five years ago, you were just an ant under Lao Tzu
How dare you do this to me now?
How can I treat you like this?
I, Ouyang Feilong, am bright and upright
Never feel sorry for anyone
How did you treat me?
How to treat my family
What happened to my wife?
You're fucking around
ungrateful
You wish me
Oops, take it home and save me